1. The Scream was stolen by a bunch of Oslo no-hopers.
   <吶喊>被奧斯陸一群一事無成的人給偷走

2. I rang back to Oslo, told them I had it, barricaded my self in the hotel.
   我打電話回奧斯陸，告訴他們我拿到了，並將我自己所在旅館

3. Forge workers maneuver a gigantic magnet to lift almost sis tons of scrap at a time until they fill the twenty-eight-ton scrap bucket.
   鍛造工人操縱巨大磁鐵一次吸起六公噸的廢金屬，直到填滿28頓的金屬桶

4. Aspartame is a common artificial sweetener found in over six thousand products worldwide, especially in diet soda products.
   阿斯巴甜是一種在全世界超過六千種商品中常見的人工甜，特別是愛無糖汽水

5. In 1985, Monsanto purchased G.D. Searle and made Searle Pharmaceuticals and the Nutrasweet company Separate subsidiaries. 在1985年，孟山都買下G.D. Searle，並將Searle製藥和Nutrasweet公司變成分開的子公司。

6. A researcher found that when cancer cells were exposed to aspartame, they became more mobile, and their metastasis, or spread, became more enhanced. 一名研究人員發現當癌細胞接觸到阿斯巴甜時，它們變得更加活躍，還有它們的轉移、或是散佈變得更加強化。


7. From literature to plays and movies throughout the world, humanity's fascination with love is just as strong as our obsession with heartbreak. 世界各地從文學到戲劇到電影，人類對愛情的迷戀就和我們對心碎的執迷不悟一樣強烈。


8. But from an evolutionary perspective, anything that increases our overall survival and fitness as a species is likely to persist. 但是從演化角度，任何增進我們身為一個種族的整體存活和健康的東西有可能會留存


9. And if you're eating salad to limit calories, watch out for creamy dressing, particularly, French dressing. 如果你在吃沙拉控制卡路里，留意奶油沙拉醬，特別是法式沙拉醬。
10.We're all told to eat healthy and be aware of our calorie intake through the day, but have you ever stopped to think about what those calories look like? 我們都被告知要吃得健康，且要注意我們一天當中的卡路里攝取量，但你可曾停下來想過那些卡路里看起來是怎樣的嗎？
11.Broccoli, you may be surprised by the amount you can eat before you hit 200 calories. 綠花椰菜，你可能會被在達到兩百卡路里前你可以吃的量給嚇到。
12.The first time I saw the campus was...it was incredible. There's volleyball nets and colorful umbrellas, and you see people walking their dogs. It feels kind of like a playground,我初次見到園區是...它很不可思議。有排球網和五彩繽紛的陽傘，然後你看到人們在遛狗。它感覺有點像個遊樂場
13. I have a background as an Infantry Officer in the Army.我的背景是個陸軍步兵軍官
14.Don't presume that just because you're an intern as such that you're not a member of the team.別假定只因為你是個實習生，因為這樣你便不是這團隊的成員。





1 and 2 from How I recovered The Scream 名畫〈吶喊〉遭竊及尋回的故事
3 from How It's Made: Steel Forgings 鋼鐵是怎麼煉成的？
4 and 5 and 6 from 阿斯巴甜：代糖背後的醜陋真相 Aspartame- The Bitter Truth Behind This Toxic Sweetener
7 and 8 from The Science of Heartbreak 
9 and 10 and 11 from  This Is 200 Calories
12 and 13 and 14 from Google Intern